So, now it is time for
you to try a few things out.
Actually I have one other thing to
kinda show you, and then I'm gonna pass
the baton over to you, which is, this is
taking a static page and viewing it, yeah?
>> Quick question on the,
talking about get.
So am I understanding correctly
that the line on Line 9 where we
see cy.get(),
that will pull every form on the page.
And it will look if every form contains,
so if it's one or more, is that right?
>> It depends, right?
That's a really great question.
The question was, basically if we're
thinking outside of jQuery, where
everything is a document query selector or
is a document query selector all, right?
This is one of the places where despite
the fact that that Cypress is using
jQuery under the hood,
it does behave a little bit differently.
So jQuery, for instance, will get you
a collection with almost any selector.
And if we go back and
look at the test in this case,
let's see if it's, I don't think I
saved the file, so we should be good.
Well, that's from the form.
Let's actually save the file.
I'm just gonna delete
this piece real quick.
It will find the first one in this case.
Now, theoretically there's
abilities to iterate over things so
on and so forth, right?
But if you just make an assertion,
it's going to assume that you
want the first one that it found.
Which again is why we,
probably, generally speaking,
wanna have better data attributes and
selectors versus go find me an H1, right?
Or hoping that the structure of the DOM
doesn't change, so on and so forth.
But in this case, if we say should
have a form, we go view that it
is definitely this one that it thinks
that we're talking about as well.
So one other thing that I might want
to do in this case is, this is great,
I've validated and things are on the page.
But again your users a lot of
times are gonna do stuff, right?
And your tests should be well aware
that they might want to do stuff.
So the other kind of piece there is for,
let's say, this input field.
We can grab it and
I can hit copy real quick.
Input field,
that seems like good name for a test.
And here we do cy.get(),
paste that in, and then we can type,
yeah, one of the things I
should pack is a good attitude.
As well, you can see as it runs to
the test it will type that into
the input field.
I'll leave it as a,
to your imagination, what click does.
For all the other fun input fields,
we will deal with them in a little bit.
The ones that you can
click on like a checkbox,
you can actually check it or click it.
It will simulate a click event.
For some of the other fun
ones like a range slider,
that's why there's a thing there
called input obstacle course.
As well,
kind of play around with some of those,
but we can go ahead and
we can type into a field.
We can click on a given button, we can
start to manipulate the page itself.